{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Call with customer:\
\
SportChat Inc:\
\
Looking for a DR site and doing migration into AWS.\
\
Looking to run in Hybrid mode.\
\
Questions:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Premium Enhanced social media features, will these be going to the cloud or staying on prem?\uc0\u8232 	Planning to use AWS as DR site.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 2 main datacenters\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Planning to have every component stored in AWS as DR site\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Would apps still need to be on VM-Ware? Or can they be on EC2?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Team already familiar with vmware, however feels that they would be limited by not using ec2\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Looking for guidance on this, whether or not to continue using VMware.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Would you use route 53?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Currently using dine, however they had a DDoS attack and all their resources went down. Now they are looking to move to Route53.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Interested in managed load balancing solution (ELB)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 What are some other challenges you are having?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Managing Database\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Having troubling with scaling (Aurora?)\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Struggling with handling random bursts\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Using any monitoring tools?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Currently using Paper Trail to track logs\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Interested in using AWS as a \'93burst\'94\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Using pager duty to keep track of employees working hours\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Interested in using some AWS services for notifications and monitoring\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 How long ago did you acquire your datacenter?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 3 years ago\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Every 4-6 years they have to replace their equipment\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 This infrastructure is ONLY for this application\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Leveraging level 3 to connect their datacenters\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Maximum amount of downtime?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Zero downtime for migration\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 What steps do devs have to go through to spin up a vm?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Currently running LAMP stack\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Currently using Bitbucket to clone code\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Setup local webserver to experiment/test\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Are writes to the slave being done synchronously? How much latency? Strong need for read after write consistency?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Databases need to be completely in-sync\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Slaves must be synchronously replicated\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Read only slaves are ok to be asynchronously replicated\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Nothing longer than 1.5 minutes in replication lag\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Point in time application requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 No more than 1.5 minutes\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Recovery point: 25-30 minutes\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Recovery time objective: ideal: <=1hr\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Anything nonstandard or highly customized about your MySQL?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 No. Normalized data, however there are a few tables that are being duplicated to be stored in a denormalized structure(messages).\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 For MySQL and OS, are you staying up to date?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Not at all, pretty far behind. Currently at MySQL 5.3\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Have a site for DR but not sending any traffic there at all, elaborate?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Customer just wants to be able to pull everything back up immediately, instead of failing over.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Concerned about cost?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Not too concerned about cost.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 More concerned about scalability and resiliency.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Are you interested in a hybrid architecture? Or just using AWS as an overflow for on-prem?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Customer is interested, \'93having overflow traffic routed to AWS in case of a burst would be ideal.\'94\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 What are you hoping to achieve long-term for sport chat?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Goal is to be the premier location where people go and talk about sports.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Also includes families with children in sports, high school sports helping communities connect.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Looking to be the source of inspiration of how sports impact communities.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Already reached 1 million users, looking to reach 100million active users by 2020\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Looking to go international?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f0 Wants to focus on getting 10million users from Europe\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Looking to gain users from Australia and India\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f0 Latency is hurting sport chat right now\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Server discovery service is agentless, only the application discovery service has an agent.\
}